the war on Gaza has now been raged for
over 100 days the destruction is immense
along with the loss of
life we have no place to go my apartment
is gone I found nothing but these things
in my hands I'm responsible for seven
people and I have children and we all
live in a school my children are sick
there are a lot of dead under the rebel
and there are concerns that the Israeli
military is moving to take permanent
control of areas along the border
establishing a so-called buffer zone one
white and eventually running the entire
length of the 65 km Gaza Israel border
there's been no formal announcement but
the Israeli military has already
destroyed nearly 1100 buildings in the
northern part of the strip a move it
says is necessary to provide security to
Israeli communities on the other side of
the Border uh we've been very clear um
our opposition to uh the force
displacement uh of people um we've been
very clear uh about um maintaining in
effect the the territorial Integrity of
Gaza the Israeli leadership appears to
be ignoring the US they want to move
their B forward borders forward into
Gaza destroying the lives of the people
of Gaza and that is of course very
dangerous and it should not be accepted
and it should not be allowed add to that
another important factor in my opinion
their talk about AER zone now is a in a
way a recognition of their failure the
buffer zone could also illegal under
international law what Israel is
proposing has been proposing and is now
perhaps opposing with a little proposing
with a little bit more emphasis is both
unlikely to be lawful opposed by the
International Community and a way of
occupying Gaza whatever happens at the
end of this conflict Israel has already
paved the path of Destruction for the
buffer zone pushing Palestinians into an
even smaller piece of land but if the
zone is established it gives no way for
Palestinians to return to the part of
Gaza where their homes once stood Assad
bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer